*Project Proposal*

<Blackjack - Beat The Odds>

Group Members:
(1) Preetam D'Souza, pdsouza
(2) Max Guo, maxmguo

Project Description:
	Our project is a Blackjack card counting training game. The main purpose for this game is for us to test a user's ability to accurately card count and to generate optimal earnings without being caught. We plan on having several variable parameters that the user could change. The first thing the user could change is the number of players because more players mean more cards are being dealt, which means the strategies used would change. Another parameter the user could change is the number of decks being used, because the number of cards being played would also affect the effectiveness of various strategies. The game also takes into consideration other parameters such as the rules that the dealer has to follow and the different strategies the player could follow. The goal of this game is for the user to pass a certain number of rounds (as well as earning money) without red-flagging the casino, which is represented by a bot playing a perfect card counting strategy. As a player plays, the bot will look at how the player is playing according to how its playing, and if the player strays within a certain degree of correlation of the bot, then the player would be caught. In the end of the game, we will print out the user's statistics per round to show how accurately it matches the perfect bot. The goal, however, is not to match the bot perfectly, but to play so that the bot won't catch you while you try to earn as much money as possible.
	We foresee two major problems when developing the game. The first one is the GUI. It's mostly figuring how the cards will interact with the players and dealer on the screen when being dealt and played. The biggest problem, however, is implementing the card counting strategies. We have to make sure that the strategies themselves are accurate. If a strategy works 100% of the time, then we are obviously doing something wrong. The problem is that we are uncertain as to exactly how well the strategy is supposed to work in the first place, therefore making its implementation a challenge.

Deliverables:

	Guarantees:
		We guarantee a working blackjack game with a perfect bot. 	We also guarantee a way of monitoring the player as he plays 		relative to the bot. We also plan on completing the various 		parameters, mentioned in the description, that the user could 		change around as he plays the game.

Timeline:

	By milestone meeting: 
		We plan on having a semi-perfect bot working. We're going 	to start working on the GUI at around this time.

	By demo day:
		We plan on having most of the GUI, if not all, completed. 	We're going to go back and start perfecting the bot.

	For  final submission:
		We plan on having the fully functional game.